so LS let me ask you something so
actually I'm gonna ask chat okay so one
of the things that I want you guys to
pay attention to so we were talking
about skill at conversation so since we
can't CLS's most of his face that's
perfectly fine so what I want chat to
pay attention to is is his eyes and
facial expressions right so let's just
try to pay attention to for a moment not
for a moment but for the duration of the
stream just see how much you guys can
interpret around how LS is feeling and
what he's doing just through his eyes
and eyebrows okay so let's just keep an
eye out for that all right so tell me a
little bit about how you've been doing
her so I I've tried the meditation thing
a few times and which meditation I don't
the one that we did at the very end
okay last time which was the sitting at
the edge of the chair trying to rewind
okay and everything right recollect a
lot of stuff and I I have no doubt that
it's my own mind doing it but I just I
can't focus and then it ends up actually
exacerbating my anxiety or like I
actually start thinking about other
things that weren't presently in my mind
sort of like how when you're asleep at
night and maybe your brain just doesn't
let you sleep and so they were there was
actually two occasions where I just had
to stop okay this last week was really
really bad
in the Lowell scene there was there was
a very dramatic thing that happened that
was centered around me in some ways so
that was very stressful oh can you tell
me about that um basically there's a
there's a an argument or a debate or I
don't know what you would want to call
it over two items within League of
Legends and it is there's a lot that
surrounds it
and the stuff that surrounds it it's
basically like you have to really go
into the minutiae go for it items in
spots so there's there's there's two
items in League of Legends there's
there's an item called liandry's torment
and there's another item called morale
and Elma calm and one of the items the
real legwork of the item comes from one
of the recipe items so you play dota so
I imagine so imagine that there's an
item that gives you 15 magic penetration
in 25 ability points okay and that item
only costs $1600 okay okay so the other
when you upgrade it you have to spend
fourteen hundred more dollars and all
that you get is 50 more ability points
I'm sorry it gives you 20 ability points
15 magic penetration and when you
upgrade it you spend fourteen hundred
more ability points eight hundred and
fifty of which is a component item that
goes into many many other items okay and
all that you get is an extra 100 HP 50
ability points and then a passive called
Grievous wounds which reduces healing by
40 percent okay so one of one of the
things that I've been I don't know if
you want to call it like preaching or
I've been very outspoken about for the
last year and a half and I've been very
vocal on Twitter and in videos and in
casts is that the original item the orb
for $1,600 is really really good
but spending the 1,400 to purchase that
the next item is oftentimes not ideal
okay because typically when you've
completed your first item and then
you're going into your second item the
game at that period enters into these
like Lowell states where it starts to
get slower everything's a lot more
controlled you only tend to fight around
neutral objectives when they're up and
the game pacing is a lot different
mm-hmm so I'm one of the one of the one
of the nicknames that people use like as
a play on my name there's even some
people in your chat with it
it's like laundry salesman because the
other item is called liandry's torment
and so I operated version is called
liandry's torment of another item yeah
in the game and I am a really big
advocate that the orb is really really
good because if you have that orb as
well as another item you can almost deal
true damage to certain champions in the
game okay but the mirela nomicon item in
itself is very awkward to sort of
evaluate because it applies a debuff for
2.5 seconds and it only reduces healing
by 40% and the amount of gold that
you're dumping into it is is very
awkward to evaluate because healing is
weirding itself there's active healing
which means that a champion has to be
hitting you in order to receive benefit
from their healing okay and in addition
to that you can't always sort of control
if the debuff is on them when they get
there he'll just get the nature of
teamfights sure so there's gonna be some
there's gonna be some variants and if
you actually get a kick out of the
debuff
the other thing though is the other item
liandry's torment is 3100 gold so
there's another item called void staff
which is 2600 and then there's another
item Robin's death cap which really
makes your ability points very big and
my argument is that oftentimes when
players are building oblivion or the
game is that a very stable state
oftentimes and because they're
professional players and not even
professional players so look you can do
it as well there's no reason to allocate
1400 gold for this very small bump in
power unless something is absolutely
necessary it's a lot better to take the
850 gold out of the 1400 and allocate it
into another item okay then factoring in
average assumed gold per minute you only
end up being a couple of minutes away
from another major item completion that
would then give you a much bigger boost
power spike because write a much bigger
power spike like liandry's torment or
Death Cap or void staff or something
like that
and the argument gets very twisted and
misconstrued and a lot of people don't
entertain all the variables and all this
other stuff and they'll ultimately label
it at a rudimentary level as Morello
versus Leon tree but that's not what the
argument ever was it was always oblivion
orb sitting on it because that that's
where the real power comes from the item
mm-hmm because the upgraded thing
doesn't really give you all that much it
gives you Grievous wounds a little bit
of ability power and HP and you can
argue that the HP is negligible on a
mage so what's what's the source of like
conflict or scandal so the scandal is
that myself and many other analysts or
people inside of the scene but I I'm the
figurehead of this argument or this that
this topic basically there was there was
a video made by another peer or
colleague
how I would describe it basically
someone that's in the same exact line of
work is me just in a different region
okay
and they made a video where I was the
thumbnail of the video so my face
literally my face a greater than sign
for the Morello
Dursley Andres the title of the video is
debunking Morello versus Leon Druce so
I'm basically being used as a figurehead
throughout the course of the video I'm
the only analyst referenced I'm the only
analyst whose name appears in the video
I'm the only analyst who has other
mentions in the video videos 27 minutes
long there's a lot of stuff that is also
emitted from the video like to me it
feels like a very giant straw man
because there's so many things that are
emitted from the arguments I'm on air so
often that I explained myself
ad nauseam to certain different people
but there's no compiled area perception
argument so there's a 24 24 minute long
video showcasing examples where Morello
is better than Lee Andres in a vacuum
but that was never at the argument in
the in the first place so it feels like
this is 24 minutes of attacking
something that just didn't exist in the
first place
yep but presenting it as such and that
made him feel really bad in Wow then
there was a three-minute ending where I
got very angry on stream maybe maybe you
could even watch the clip if you want I
don't know I got very angry and I said
some pretty explicit stuff about again
another person within the same line of
work in another region and when that
stream had ended I had actually felt
really bad after blowing up I deleted
the the stream the clips etc and I
thought to myself you know I was feeling
really stressed and tilted in the moment
mm-hmm
and it was it was during one of my LCS
KO streams that's like permission that
Riot Games grants
certain individuals that allows them to
actually stream that the premier
tournament PLC yes uh-huh so in the
middle of one of my streams
I got linked a donation I had a lot of
my chat flaming me saying that I got
flamed on an official European broadcast
so I think to myself what the hell is
this so I watched the clip on stream I
see stuff that I believe I talked about
this actually with you last time but
this is before the blow up in the
community happened I said what you know
I felt really awkward listening to
something that was being said and I felt
like it was being misconstrued and then
he post my chat is flaming me and I
received other stuff about this from
other mediums like on Twitter and stuff
it felt really bad so I reacted very
poorly inside of the moment so so what
in what way do you see you use the
phrase feel bad a couple of times in
what way do you feel bad I feel bad
knowing that that's not how I would want
to ever really conduct myself and then I
know that if someone spoke about me in a
similar manner like that it would feel
bad as well even if I can take it or I
can a like if the person is is like
accurate maybe in their assessment or
what they're saying maybe it hurts less
but it's just not good for anyone and it
shouldn't have to be that way and it
shouldn't get to that point okay also I
feel regret that I didn't manage it I
didn't manage my stress my stress in the
moment better as well as my frustration
like pent up frustration okay um yeah so
let me let me ask you this okay so some
of this is I actually Alice can you hold
on a second I think he may have just
figured out what I need to do to fix
this my video sorry for that
yeah so bad [ __ ] okay I'm not gonna
touch anything cuz I'm a just okay I'm
gonna just leave okay
so so so one is that so it sounds like
you felt bad and you felt bad because
you were you didn't represent yourself
in a way that you're happy with right
right so what does it feel like to what
does it feel like to be strong and on
the internet um it well I know that the
last three like few days I contemplated
what the [ __ ] am I even doing in the
sense that it does what is that like I
was just on air right so much the last
the last month and a half
for instance and as much as I was on air
as much as I had conversations with
either professional players or other
people on air because it's not compact
and available in one small like video or
something like that it's spread out
throughout you know turn hours and hours
upon hours of streams and castings and
to see that something can just be picked
and pride and strawman and then have
that actually impact you in a very
negative way potentially is very I don't
know I
I remember sitting there I remember
thinking to myself I'm gonna I'm gonna
blow up bi I was streaming wait wait
wait to myself wait one second so so
yeah before you start thinking about
what your reaction was what is the
feeling to being straumann on the
Internet
what is that it feels surreal that they
okay there can be so much that just it's
really weird um it's not that it can't
be refuted or shown as such it's that it
takes a lot of effort to do it and it
just it's it's so [ __ ] insane to me
how easy it is to do it but it's also
it's very angering the nature of it like
how I I don't know man it pisses you off
it sickens me in any way because I
attribute it with dishonesty and I
attribute it to I attributed to like to
like false journalism if you know what I
mean when everyone just wants to get a
piece out to be the first one but they
don't care about the accuracy yep and I
remember I did that to someone once
there was actually um there was a there
was a there was a thing on Reddit in
2016 i falsely I don't know I I did math
incorrectly on a situation and even
though it didn't detract from the
original argument in context the end
video that I put out and produced was
inaccurate and ultimately disingenuous
and it was
it was just bad to do and I remember
reflecting on that and thinking that
anytime that I'm really gonna get into
the nitty gritties or something or
really die on top of a hill I need to
make sure that I've looked at a lot more
angles and understood more unless why is
it important to convince people on the
internet that you're right not let's
talk about something that twitch chat
can relate to right like let's just they
don't practice like cuz it cuz that's
what we're talking about we're talking
about like someone else out there who's
being unjust that's what I'm sensing
from you that there's a sense of
injustice and unfairness and also that
it's so easy to tear down it's so much
easier to attack your position than it
is to like defend it yes it's a lot
easier and it also feels really bad if I
feel like I I feel I feel like I'm
always on a is it a tightrope catwalk
I'm not sure precipice yeah no no okay
but help me understand catwalk ah I'm
not sure what your analogy on our first
two because like I don't know what
you're about to say so you got it I have
what you
I feel like I have to be on point okay
or I have to always be alert okay what
happens I gotta look what happens if
you're not alert I feel like so for
instance this last video it came out I
woke up 10 hours into it being out right
I feel like if I'm alert or I'm on
standby for certain things I can I can
better squash any misunderstandings or
whatever a lot easier mm-hmm but if it's
allowed to fester and grow before
response is able to you know hmm occur
then it potentially does a lot of damage
okay that how am I able to be what what
kind of damage does it do um I think it
it can potentially damage credibility I
think it can damage perception which
attributes to credibility I think that
it can alter I think it can even alter
fuse of how much would you say integrity
is a part of credibility I I think that
there are sure I think you're very
concerned about your integrity in the
community yes yes so Ellis can I just
think for a second yep
you
give me give me a second okay yep
okay so I'm struggling a little bit to
try to I wanted so I think what you're
going through is actually quite
relatable and can be generalized and
maybe more applicable to chat so I'm
gonna start talking about things in a
slightly more abstract sense okay so by
abstract I'm gonna generalize it away
from you specifically but we could
certainly talk about you so the first
question LS is when we consider a
situation that affects you in some way
there's sort of a personal effect and
then there's actually like an external
consequence right so the first thing we
have to understand is that like this
situation is affecting you internally
and it's affecting you externally by
externally I mean like you know
affecting your likelihood of getting a
job or how you're perceived or things
like that and then it's also affecting
you internally because it's causing you
suffering yes do you understand that
distinction yes okay so how closely tied
are the suffering that you feel from
what the world like what is the
relationship between what happens in the
external world and your suffering so I'm
also gonna Jen yeah go ahead yeah no do
you mean in a general sense sure I think
that I constantly worry I guess
actually I don't know how to answer that
okay so I'm gonna ask you in a specific
way okay and now apologies cuz we're
gonna have sort of like a three-way
conversation because I'm gonna touch I'm
gonna ask twitch add some things to do
okay so how much of you being upset
about this situation or maybe upset
isn't even let's just use the word
suffering so how much of your suffering
is related to something about the
outside world like the way that you're
being misrepresented the way that people
are going to view you sort of a loss of
integrity like how much of it has to do
with them but the outside world like oh
now that like these this guy made this
video people are gonna think that you're
dumb like they're not going to respect
you but like it's unfair because you
know he's not accurately representing
your viewpoint I would say that within
my job that's a very very big stressor
or within my line of work okay so how
much of your suffering do you think is
tied to the external like something
about the outside world like either how
you're viewed or you know how you're
respected or whether you're
misrepresented outside world I don't
really bother with too much unless
you're also talking about well like I'm
talking about the league community you
I've been differentiating like work
within the composers like them so what
I'm saying is that like there's there's
like there's something going on inside
you like you're suffering in here right
you feel like things are unfair and
unjust and I'm trying to figure out how
much of that suffering comes from the
outside world and how much of it comes
from you like how much of it is is like
the reason I'm suffering is because I'm
afraid I'm gonna lose my job
the reason I'm suffering is because
people are not going to respect me or
treat me with integrity
the reason I'm suffering is because
people misunderstand my viewpoint like
I'm trying to figure out in that because
like is that accurate um I think that I
think a lot of my suffering or I think a
lot of my mental pain and stressors
lately is that the deeper that I seem to
be going in a lot of things the more I
seem to lose my idea of what I'm doing
more and that harms me what is that a
lot in the sense that when I when I
experience things like this like I'm
adding or stuff like that it makes me
think there might not be a real purpose
to anything that I'm doing and that
starts to really just get to me yeah
because it it makes me think I'm wasting
a lot of time okay so so let me just
make sure I understand that so what I
hear you saying is like like if you try
to do something right like so in the
league community like you you go like
you've gotten harder and deeper into the
league community like you're streaming
you know to tournaments at a time you're
posting things you're sharing your
opinions you really love strategy
strategy's a beautiful thing it's like
what motivates you it's it's what's
motivated you always and and the further
you get in this community the more you
wrap yourself up in it you get some
something happens that's negative and
then it makes you question whether your
commitment to like all this time
investment everything that you've been
doing is like worth it or not worth it
yeah and then it brings me to some
really dark places sure right so that it
makes it makes you the question how
you're spending your time whether it's
worth it to do this and then if you if
it's not worth it to do this then you're
Sol because it's not like you've
invested in other things yeah
that's it's it's a really it's a really
unsettling spot that I I'm actually in
right now yeah also yeah yeah so
continue because I don't want to segue
so so this is gonna be tricky so I'm
gonna ask twitch chat for a second okay
yeah how do we even do this hold on
I'm gonna need a minute yeah so let me
ask you something what do you think the
consequences of this are
[Music]
what are the consequences of the video
the video didn't actually seem to III
think that I overreacted in my own mind
about things it actually seems like from
a lot of like private messages that I
got as well as some private
conversations I've had as well as like
the public perception there was a
counter video that not counter video but
there was there was a counter post that
came out it actually didn't um it it
seemed like and I could be wrong I I
don't know I mean I looked everywhere
that I could it seemed like the
community actually defended me a lot
more than an any sort of attack it
seemed like the community was actually
very aware that all the points that were
actually brought up there was lots of
people referencing like specific things
that actually do exists on the internet
that showcase the video as being a straw
man and and other stuff like that that
that felt really relieving but there
were still a very there was still a very
unsettling feeling where there's some
other people that are not in the
community but rather in the workplace
that seemed to not endorse but promote
the video and that disturbed me because
it would suggest that either they're not
doing their own research or they're okay
with the dis ingenuity that was being
portrayed at least and my feeling and
that just makes me go what the [ __ ] is
wrong with you but I yeah yeah okay okay
I'm really sorry about this guys I just
need a second to really try to because I
think we're on the cusp of something big
and I'm trying to figure out how to make
it applicable to a chat okay so let's
just think about this Ellis
so you're you painted this picture right
and you painted this let let's just
think back through like what paint what
picture you painted for me and and us
and let's think about what the actual
situation is so you were kind of saying
okay this post happened it made you feel
bad it made you feel unsettled that this
person was attacking you he was strong
Manning you he was not like accurately
representing your viewpoint and that
this affects the other others to what
other other he references other people I
I took my gripe with it as serious as I
did because I was the only one
constantly referenced throughout the
video yeah so so that's yeah that's what
you said is that I mean it's clearly
like it's your face that's on the video
yeah yeah right okay so it makes you
feel bad makes me makes you feel
unsettled go ahead
it made me feel like it was a personal
attack masqueraded us analysis was the
literal line that I used a few times
when you could ask me to explain how I
felt okay and it do you ever buy me that
it seemed like there were so many other
people that also felt the same way
within both the community and in the
workplace and yet at the same time there
were other people within the workplace
that seemingly just turned a blind eye
to that okay and then you want one of
the goals Alice I'm I'm gonna interrupt
you
yeah okay so I'm gonna try to make a
couple of points okay so
so the picture that you painted is that
you're kind of under attack you feel
like things are unfair unjust you also
talked about like the the difficulty of
defense right that it's like really easy
to attack but it's like really hard to
defend against because because you've
made your point very clearly time and
time and time again but anyone the on
the Internet can like creatively edit
things and make you look like a dumbass
yes right and that's what it sounds like
he did it sounds like it was unfair like
he made you look like a dumbass like he
didn't he didn't frame the argument
correctly he didn't do he just didn't do
any up and then your concern so and this
is what I think I'm still not quite sure
that I was able to convey what my
question was but then your suffering is
kind of like twofold one is that you
feel attacked one is kind of internal
and because you were attacked and the
other is that like you're suffering
seems very very closely tied to your
perception about how you're about your
perception in the external world and
then you also talked about like it was
very frustrating that you couldn't
respond right away like it was ten hours
yeah the video had been up for ten hours
and like it had been like it's like a
you know building that's been on fire
for ten hours and now you guys yeah
right that's that that's the connect
what you count 10 like 10 out like who
counts 10 hours like less than a day
right but it's it's not less than a day
to like if it's been up for like less
than a day and you saw it like that
doesn't seem like that big of a deal to
me but to you 10 hours like 6 hours and
10 hours and 14 hours feel significant
because of the way that you're framing
the problem and in turn feels
significant to you because like if you
could have responded by hour to hour 4
and no wonder you sleep with your cell
phone under your pillow and like like I
got a check it like I actually I was
woken up by constant calls saying you
need to get you need to get to read it
you need to get to read it you need to
get through at it
so messages so now now we think okay so
now now we're getting it right okay so
now the question is how much of your
suffering comes from within you and how
much of it comes from the outside world
I don't know how to answer that even in
like a number of percentage yeah I think
that it varies depending on topics I
come I understand it's a hard question
to answer right so here's here's what I
think is going on so I think you're
trying to control things out there and
if you try to control things out there
that's the way that you feel better
within yourself because you're telling
me that when you get the win something
like this negative happens it's like a
tsunami that hits you and then your
psychology goes like like when someone
one negative event which by the way
doesn't actually sound that negative
because it sounds like you're well
respected by the community and people
are coming to your defense all over the
place that they can see this guy for
what he is and that you actually are
respected but that doesn't seem to
matter that comes in we've been talking
to now we've been talking about it's not
yeah no I said I don't know that
sentence didn't sit with me it's not the
guy for what he is it's just the video
okay fine yeah but my point is that that
for the first 35 minutes of our
conversation it's you've you've talked
about this in the perspective impact it
has on you and yet when we actually ask
you about the impact it seems like on
the contrary you have a lot of reasons
to feel positive because not only like
do you not have to defend yourself
people are doing it for you right but
it's weird that like that's not that's
not the sect you didn't say by the way
there's been this controversy this guy
kind of attacked me on the video and a
lot of people came to my defense the
sentence of they came to my defense is
like uncovered like late into the
conversation and part of that maybe just
you're providing a lot of context in
detail which I asked you for so we just
naturally got to it like over time
possible but I don't I don't think
that's the case
I think that that anyway so let's just
take a step back so then when this when
this thing happens like there's a
tsunami that hits your psychology and
then then as you put it you start to
think about whether this is a waste of
time should you be doing this makes you
question your life your life goes to a
dark place but while there's a tsunami
because this guy posted this video and
it makes you question your integrity or
integrity but when you're afraid that
your integrity is under attack that
you're almost it's almost like you're
paranoid that people are like you can't
be reassured that like people know you
for who you are you're paranoid that
this attack is gonna change the way that
people think about you because I can't
manage the hmm I I know about the
differences between views versus
comments versus what can't you manage
you were about to say I can't manage and
then you you cut yourself off oh I I
can't manage the people who don't read
the comments and just watch the video
yeah and I don't know what that number
is and and how does it feel to not be
able to manage that it [ __ ] feels
like holy [ __ ] just Jesus Christ
apparently this is possible what is it
that's possible anyone can just say
anything yep and I know I know I know
that that is obviously a thing but it
it's terrifying
right they you can you can work in this
industry for so long you can do such
thoughtful and detailed analysis you can
try to elevate the strategy of the
league community because strategy is a
beautiful thing and you're attracted to
it like a work of art and this [ __ ]
can just make a video I don't like I
don't like labels like that I know you
don't like labels like that this goes
back to like you need to start getting
angry at people besides yourself this
remember that right but it may be may be
so how is this
not an [ __ ] because I don't know what
the actual intention is of the sure you
do I'm not him I have an idea
but the idea can be wrong so until I
actually talk with him which actually I
have a DM from him I just haven't opened
it for two days because I'm trying to
manage my trust dude let me explain
something to you when someone puts your
face on the front of a video about
analysis and then takes all of your
analysis out of context and doesn't do
it complete I believe that is a personal
attack masquerading as analysis as you
put it I think that's a fair assessment
happens all the time on the Internet
right and I think when someone attacks
you I don't think it's out of line to
call them an [ __ ] in that situation
because it does sound like they're being
unfair so there's a lot going on here
Alice the first is that I'm still not
sure like how you understand who you are
versus what the outside world is and
where the origin of suffering is like I
think you're suffering so let me just be
very clear okay so I'm gonna just speak
now instead of trying to ask you like
questions that could be leading so I
want everyone at home to listen to this
- suffering comes from within suffering
doesn't come from the external world and
the reason that suffering comes from
within is those who try to control the
external world are the ones that suffer
on the inside so earlier I was asking
twitch chat how much of your suffering
comes from the external world and they
said between like eighty and a hundred
percent and there are a hundred percent
right the crazy thing there though is
that even though they're like a hundred
percent right they're kind of wrong in a
weird way there's another step to it
which is that you trying to control the
external world and you trying to control
people's opinions of you you trying to
control how many people like you're
tearing yourself apart because people
are watching the video and not reading
the comments and that is like that's
tearing you apart and just think about
that for a second you can't control that
absolutely right and yet we tear
ourselves apart all
time for things that are completely out
of our control and in fact the only way
you can tear yourself apart is to
control that which you cannot control so
like if you want to let go of all of
this stuff you gotta let go of all of it
right you got to understand that the
most that you can do is present your
analysis people you can't force people
to read YouTube comments and the crazy
thing LS is that that is a strategy that
is actually gonna work and we have
evidence that it works because newsflash
you're actually a professional within
the League of Legends community news
flash when someone makes an attack video
like this people rise to your defense
how did you get them to do that did you
control that I've always you know you
know the quote by Regan about like the
light and the heat you know what I'm
talking about no you're like I think
this is actually like not a problem
maybe but it's what I'm thinking of when
you're saying that I can't control this
stuff right but I think that I've lived
by especially in like mice like I don't
know survival survival instincts or
within this community especially if you
you know the the quote I think it's my
Reagan if you can't make someone see the
light you make them feel the heat you
know of the light obviously if they
choose to turn a blind eye you and I
actually feel like that that's how I got
where I am now is nice yeah make make
sense to me it's weird to me to hear
stop trying to up the heat you know yes
that's why I'm telling you because I
think I think your strategist so you
guys have to understand this okay this
is really important your strategy is not
dumb it is it is good but it also leads
to suffering all right because this is
the thing Ellis just think about this
man you are trying your personal
well-being is tied to your perception of
other people's perception of you yeah
do you see that yes if you okay right so
like and you're not alone this way right
this is how we're all wired that
everyone at home your sense of
well-being is tied to what you believe
other people think about you let's take
a guy with social anxiety who's like in
a group full of people he's tortured
because he thinks that they think that
he's not like a decent person and that
he's dumb and he looks stupid I do that
it was too thick cooking yes let just
think about that you're fighting the
shadow of a shadow like that's not a
game you can win man you are trying to
convince people it like you're you're
trying to convince someone who's
fictitious didn't you know LS actually
originally stood forth what last shadow
yeah dr. kay I gotta I gotta tell you
you know you're talking about suffering
and suffering leads to anger and you
know like anger leads to hate hate leads
to the dark side I think you're actually
a Sith okay yeah absolutely so I'll tell
you something okay so in my second year
in my second year of residency there was
one person who recognized I'm a Seth
okay so what am I so at the end of one
of my rotations I meet with the
psychiatrist who I've been working with
for three years I mean sorry three
months and so I meet with the
psychiatrist she's like it I mean she's
like older so she's been doing it for a
while she's probably in her like late
50s or early 60s or something like that
she's really good psychiatrist brilliant
right so and so usually when we so I
meet her for by post
you know rotation feedback so I've been
working in this hospital under her
supervision for three months and usually
like you know they like they'll tell you
things like you know you need to be
better at writing your notes like your
diagnosis is really good you're really
good at connecting with patients they
give you feedback about your performance
as a doctor right which is like doctor
Lee thinks
like how good at your are you a
diagnosis how good are you a treatment
how good are you at like you know
talking to families so her feedback for
me is I see you please use your power
for good and not evil that was her
feedback freak she didn't talk to me
about my notes didn't talk to me about
like my knowledge of medications or
anything like that
she's like use your power for good and
not evil and I was like okay I will do
that and so that that was that was
really where a healthy gamer was born
because I realized so like I don't know
if people realize this but you know I'm
good with people I'm good at
understanding people and you can also
like you could you know if you
understand people you can help them or
you can destroy them you could do both
yes yes justice every once in a while I
get upset with someone's happened
recently and [ __ ] terrified the [ __ ]
out of them by saying very little
because they pissed me off and they did
something that was bad and just I scared
myself that day because yeah but you're
you're right I'm a sip there you go do
you really feel like I was because I am
a sip like my whole point no I was I was
making I was just because you're telling
me to get angry right and you know
walking down that path well so here's
here's what I truly believe ls is that
there isn't like the the real way to
find peace is that we try too hard to be
Jedi's and we ignore our set and I think
that you shouldn't do either one to the
extreme but like I think I think that
you're really in some weird messed-up
place when some guys like you you
describe his video is a personal attack
masquerading as analysis and you're not
willing to call the guy an [ __ ]
because people can do [ __ ] as things
but it doesn't make them an [ __ ]
is that an [ __ ] ish thing yes okay
fine so so I agree with and fine he's
being an [ __ ] but I don't think he is
an ass okay okay we can [ __ ] being an
[ __ ] I can live with yeah yeah okay
that's that I can live with okay so I'm
glad we cleared that up anyway
that's how I felt you know so going back
to this thing so but like do you get
that you're like what's causing you
suffering
is like the idea of like the internet
listening to these people and like
accepting their arguments right like
that's what's actually like getting you
bent out of shape I think I'm an [ __ ]
too actually a lot we're all [ __ ]
yeah I know I think I I think I tend to
be an [ __ ] a lot unintentionally out
of frustration I think so too
yeah and I that's the stuff that I start
to feel bad about and it eats eats away
at me because I don't want to react in
some of the ways that I do okay good so
so I think sometimes we behave like
[ __ ] I think what makes you a true
[ __ ] is whether you're comfortable
with behaving like an [ __ ] right so
the fact that you want to change in my
mind puts you into the non-asshole camp
the fact that you're reflective and you
try to make your self into like a better
person that other people can like makes
me feel good about you now I'm gonna try
to go back to my earlier point if that's
okay yeah so I think this still goes
back to like you're trying to control
the perceptions of like people around
you and your inability to do that is
causing you an immense amount of
suffering the interesting thing is that
that they do think positively of you
like I don't think you can make it this
far if you're like a super toxic person
right like unless you actually I think
the the the strength of your and maybe
that's wrong the strength do you guys
see his eyes don't watch his eyes right
okay right so like we don't even need
the face we just need the eyes okay okay
but listen tell us look so going back to
this I want you to understand that that
your suffering is actually like
controlled by how much how attached you
are to the opinions of people in the
external world
yeah and and like for everyone that you
know I use all kinds of examples my
favorite one is like getting a girl to
fall in love with you because a lot of a
lot of our community right so I won't
even call them gamers like sometimes
they'll have romantic feelings about
someone and that's a relatively like not
a very common it it's not a very common
experience so people think they can get
over invested in relationships when they
feel like romantically interested in
someone and that at the end of the day
they just cause themselves like endless
amounts of suffering because they're
trying to control the feelings of that
person which you just can't do right and
the odd thing is that that if you really
look at it like you're saying there are
some people that your work that are kind
of like you know they're they're kind of
talking about you or there may be
thinking certain things like fine I mean
I wonder how much of that is cognitive
bias I wonder what they're actually
saying how you're being perceived but I
think at the end of the day like you
know what you've really got to focus on
like if you want to be free of this you
have to realize that first of all like
you're fighting it like you're trying to
make someone happy who's like a figment
of your imagination and actually like
your salvation and in that I see this is
because like as long as you focus on
presenting good analysis the people who
are interested in good analysis are
gonna listen and take note the people
who are not or you know you're not gonna
win them over because you're just
speaking a language that they don't
understand like they understand their
own like biases and perceptions which is
that any amount of analysis that you can
do is going to be trumped by the
champion in the last game that stopped
them you can present as much analysis as
you want to but if there was someone
that stomped them in the last game
[ __ ] Smurfs this stuff is Opie like
if I lose to it it's Opie I don't care
what you analyzed like this guy was
ridiculous it was twenty one two three
like this is so broken
has nothing to do with skill there's got
to be a smurf and it's ope like riots
dumb why don't they nerf this stuff
right like those guys exist they're us
there's a little part of us at all of
them right yeah yeah and you can't win
those people over they're gonna watch
videos like this they're gonna be like
yeah that items dumb mm-hmm and yet you
try what you got to do LSE's let go like
you've got to understand you can't
control what they think about you you
can't control what they say at work I
know you think you can you can only
conduct yourself in a particular manner
and hope that it works out can you try
to influence them absolutely but you
can't control it and whether that video
has been up for 10 hours or 12 hours or
24 hours or four hours people if you've
done a good job of analyzing stuff and
you've garnered respect through your
effort and like strong analysis people
will rise to your defense at four hours
10 hours 24 hours or 48 hours you can't
defend yourself from all of those
attacks you can't dismantle every straw
I mean you don't need to because you
have twitch at looking out for you like
literally that's how it works I see it
myself people criticize me on the
internet all the time do you remember
our first conversation I think I'd give
you that there's times where I get
uncomfortable if I'm falsely defended do
you know what I mean
yeah but how do you know if it's falsely
defended if I see my twitch chat or mic
community or followers or something if I
see them attacking someone I actually
get pretty pissed
and then also if I see them blindly
defending me and accurately or failing
to actually convey something that I said
or actually argued do to their own
ability to not do their LS what and excu
the arbiter of truth I don't I don't
know it just it feels about them yeah
but like it's not your place to say
whether someone is like like
inaccurately defending you right
may disagree with them but your you're
not the arbiter of truth about whether
they're like right and you're wrong or
the vice versa this is exactly what I'm
saying you've got to accept right things
are not black and white people are gonna
do what they're gonna do you can be
comfortable with it or you can be
uncomfortable with it but you can't
control it it's all the same thing I
agree with you I'm glad you brought it
up because it's another example you you
get upset because you're controlling
them or you want them to defend you in
the way that you want no no I want them
to not blindly defend me how do you know
it's blind no I mean if I read that it's
blind do you know what I mean exactly so
but just think about that for a second
that means that you're doing some of the
reading which means that they're defense
of you may be actually not blind
you have to be careful about the own
judgments that your mind places on
things right so take a step back and
understand that like like like just ah
this is just this is so hard to
understand is this making sense okay oh
good you guys are understanding I see
five minutes no no you're not making me
stress I I think that this is like huge
I'm excited okay and you can't see my
face so you can't see that I'm excited
but I was actually using okay stream to
look at that so whatever I turn this way
I'm looking at okay good okay yeah so
kind of going back to this no I think
this is really important to understand
right so we we live our lives as if like
we know the truth like that's how our
mind operates our mind operates under
the assumption that it's opinions are
truth and we just got to understand this
because this is like this the only way
we could survive you know like wait when
I get up and I walk into the bathroom
like my mind assumes that there is a
toilet there my mind assumes that it's
gonna flush you know when I use the
bathroom you're like our mind assumes
that it's correct all the time because
like 99% of the time it is there are all
kinds of cognitive tasks that our mind
is doing that we're not even aware of
yes yes like when you walk into our room
you immediately go for the light switch
exactly right so our mind makes all
kinds of assumptions and it operates as
if it's correct 100% of the time because
otherwise like you know can you imagine
how much anxiety you would live in
like you didn't realize that like if you
thought that every toilet may form a
clog every single time you went to the
bathroom it'd be torturous yeah
and yet our mind is just think about
this for a second our mind is not true
our mind is dumb our mind is fallible
when you have someone who has anxiety
and thinks that everyone thinks that
they're like everyone perceives them as
idiotic they treat that as real that's
the only reason that anxiety is is so
bad is because you treat your thoughts
as facts but you guys have to understand
everyone you need to understand that
your thoughts do you need to pee by the
way no okay but you treat your thoughts
as if they're facts you say like I don't
like them wrongly defending you or
blindly defending you who are you to say
that their defense is blind yeah so take
a step back and understand that at the
end of the day Alice people love you man
but do you get that I I know that you've
asked me this a few times now but I you
know you know that you know the the
stupid quote you know if you if you
don't like you don't like yourself other
people can't like you you know okay well
I'm talking about no good if you don't
love yourself someone else can't love
you alright okay it's not the quote I
don't know it so okay so I mean I
I mean I I don't like I mean hmm I don't
know how to describe this I don't like
myself at all I like the idea of what I
can do in the sense that I like seeing
growth or something erected that I can
help create because I think I've already
failed okay I've failed to see it myself
but I don't know how to describe this
you're doing a great job so what are you
LS
I think that there is a lot of things
that surround my persona
that will prohibit me from achieving
what I would want to achieve in the end
but I can have it live on through other
things and when I say live on I don't
mean my life I mean okay work within the
industry I am with you I believe that
you believe that for time asking you is
what are you I'm not asking you about
what your limitations are I'm not asking
you about how you're gonna fail at your
goals I'm asking you what are you I
don't know what that means actually I'm
sorry okay now we're getting somewhere
so how do you know what a person is
based on behavior or things that they do
things they say okay patterns they do
some casillas what color clothes they
choose to wear okay what kind of clothes
they shoes to wear okay so I'm hearing
choices and actions
yeah alright I think axons over a
prolonged period of time are infinitely
more honest than any words a person can
say I completely agree with you so I'm
gonna go back to something that you said
earlier that I forgot exactly what you
said but you said you don't like who the
person you are but you do like what you
think you can do that you think you're
capable of action but that you don't
think you're like deep down you're like
a good or decent or adequate person I
don't know exactly what that means like
this is your words you said like yeah
yeah I I like the idea that I can I can
try to help people within the community
like eventually this is longer term
right setting up more networks or like
Academy is there something just suddenly
on fire eSports continues so Ellis let's
just think about this for a second so
when I asked you like how do you
understand what a person is you set
actions and choices and when I and
your your complaint with yourself is
that you view there's an LS that is
independent of your actions because
you're actually okay with your actions
you're just not okay with who LS s yes
there may be nuances and and we can dig
into it right because you're an analyst
which means that nothing is simple and
we have to understand stats and costs
and stuff like that there a lot of
nuances I'm with you but at the core of
it this is I think your basic problem is
that you have to understand that as a
human being what you are is made up of
your actions the only thing that you can
hold yourself responsible for is your
actions it's not your fault what how
tall you are it's not under your control
how intelligent you are it's not under
your control what your circumstances are
whether you grew up rich whether you
grew up poor whether you get coronavirus
you don't correct and get coronavirus
the only thing that you can control and
the only thing that you should hold
yourself responsible for are your
actions and if we rewind this video
you're gonna be squirrely now but you're
actually happy with some of your actions
you said I don't like the person that I
am but I like what I can do that is what
you are there's no difference between
those two things
what you are is defined by what you do
that's what makes a person the problem
is that our society has allowed us to
forget this because we're judged by so
many things that we are not I think when
I say that I don't like Who I am what I
mean by that is that while I do strive
to still do like a lot of things and
whatnot I don't like the
shortsightedness that I have sometimes
and like errors are stuff that I make
and in terms of like I regret how I
conduct myself sometimes and also are
you familiar with the Japanese saying
that everyone has four masks
sort of I thought it was three um Eric
but it it might be maybe it's check I'm
thinking about a Chinese saying for
three masks okay maybe you're right I'm
wrong on the number but you have the one
mask that passerby or see right doesn't
really show anything then you have the
one mask the public sees like people
that you interact with but they're not
like close to you then you have the
third mask which is your closest friends
and family and then you have the fourth
mask which only you yourself really
knows what that is
hmm but no one else ever sees
I am very ashamed of my third and fourth
masks and so when I say that I don't
like myself I I'm referring to my third
and fourth whereas I think what you're
looking at is views of the first second
and tidbits of the third okay so now
we're getting somewhere
so now LS would tell me tell me what are
the actions that you've taken that give
you the impression that the the deepest
part of LS is not likable or is not good
what I mean is like sometimes I'm
crippled by the the fear and anxiety and
emotions right and I feel like that's
weak not weak in the sense of how people
think like weak and strong I mean that
it's not ideal you know I should be a
lot better if I wasn't like this it
would be a lot better if I could just be
deaf whose whose fault is that I mean I
blame my own my I mean I I blame myself
you know I mean I don't know if it's a
chemical imbalance or just my own
thoughts or you know okay so that's
asked to a chat twitch at is this is
fault
to suffer from fear and anxiety okay
right so so now I'm gonna ask twitch
chat again so now for so think about
yourself for a moment and do you guys
blame yourselves for your weaknesses
right so this is the problem that you
can see it in someone else and you can
see how foolish it is but you don't see
it within yourself this is the challenge
so LSI think this still comes back this
comes back to forgiveness man I think
you need to learn how to forgive
yourself and that's a tall order then I
have no clue where to even start and I
yeah there's like an existential life
crisis type thing that I think is woven
into that that's very unhealthy and I
don't know how to unweave that what do
you mean where I'm very I I'm very
grateful and aware of where I am right
now like in my career mm-hmm but I'm
very
bitter and angry it took as long as it
did to get here but also that a lot of
years from my adolescence feel stolen
from me and it gives me this like really
weird sense of self where I never got to
actually live certain parts of my life
and now that I can it's like I don't
want to yeah and it just feels [ __ ]
weird
yeah man I think what you're saying
makes a lot of sense I'm trying to think
about how to share something with you
that'll get you just on the first step
how can I actually help
so tell us I'm trying to steer away from
philosophy but let me ask you something
what would be harder for you to live
with if things if it was no one's fault
or if it was your fault
in regards to what anything just in
general yeah like let's say like your
your years of like you know what you
missed out on an adolescence would it be
harder for you to live with the idea
that like that's your fault or that that
it's no one's fault and it just sucks in
his random no one's fault is harder
right yeah yeah so I think that's what
you've got to work on so I think blaming
yourself is a way for you to protect
yourself from just the sheer unfairness
of what life has to give and and we we
seek order to comfort ourselves and one
of the quickest things that we can
always blame is ourselves so we get
really really good at it
it's really hard to acknowledge that
something bad happened to me and there
was nothing that anyone could do right
that you couldn't like it's just
inconceivable yeah to think that like
you could like you just you there's must
have been something you can do because
it's it's it's impossible to live in a
world where random bad [ __ ] happens to
you like you can't function if you walk
outside and you think that you can get
hit by a meteor it's just you can't
function in that world right I want to
believe that there's always something
that could have been done yeah yeah and
and that's just not true
like you get that objectively
interestingly enough no I becomes the
neighbor I know I know I know that that
I thought about that's actually a lot ok
ok so now we have a different meditation
technique for you ok LS so listen let me
before we transition to meditation
I think we've what do you think about
today today was I think the most
most stressful just because I think it's
also hot and recent like what happened
with him last 48 hours
uh-huh and so I think revisiting a lot
of things but also like just before this
call I was telling someone I live with
that I'm feeling a lot of the like
symptoms of my like emotional implosion
coming like the thing that I come yep
and that scares me because every single
time it happens I try to realize all the
flags and I try to you know tell myself
okay I think this is what's going on and
trying to manage this and trying to do
that trying to you know men control
control control control control of
myself yeah right sucks and and that's
hard so I I don't know I don't know how
we go about teaching you that control is
what control is the origin of suffering
and surrender is the origin of peace and
and and so I think we're gonna have to
teach you that I think it's gonna take
more time that we have today but I think
I do have a meditation practice that I
think will help you and does that okay
I'm just trying to get a sense of
whether twitch chat is followed what I'm
saying I think they are okay so let's
let's go to so okay so just one or two
messages to twitch chat okay so you guys
like y'all can see it in LS right so
first of all us I want to thank you for
coming on I know that we've hit some
things that we kind of disagree about
which is perfectly fine I'm I'm glad
you're telling me what resonates with
you and what doesn't I think that's
something that you know I'd like to
continue I'd like to have the
opportunity to continue to work on with
you it doesn't mean that I'm right you
could be right and the thing is I don't
think that you're wrong I think your
view is just incomplete and that there's
a there's a there's a thing yeah so
because I think all of your strengths
your strategies are actually correct all
the things that you believe are correct
there's just more to it right it's kind
of like it's not like Jedi or Sith like
the forth the forces about the balance
of the two things and I think your basic
problem right now is that you've just
gone too far down like you're a Jedi or
a Sith but what you really need to be is
both and so huh they're they're called
gray Jedi in the comics okay yeah you
need to be a gray jacket right yeah and
and so so the gray Jedi don't aren't
final with their view of like really
anything does that make sense and like
the only your only problem is that your
final with your view of things like
there's some things that are set in
stone for you and we need to like wiggle
that out a little bit so the other thing
is if you do a meditation practice and
it doesn't work for you don't keep doing
it that's for you and everyone at home
as well if it worsens your anxiety just
stop don't force yourself okay so part
of the thing about meditation practices
that they're supposed to help you attain
a no mind state which is like peaceful
and if the meditation technique is
agitating you then try a different
meditation technique there are 112
meditation techniques one of which
should be quite natural for every person
to it attain a no mind state so it
shouldn't be hard and if you try to do
one of these other techniques that
doesn't work for you just don't worry
about so I think what we need to teach
you is techniques around isness okay so
there isn't good there isn't bad there
is just what is okay okay so so close
your eyes so these are gonna be a little
bit I think you're also an analytical
guy so I'm gonna give you something more
of a contemplative technique it's not
asking you to do something it is asking
you to like figure something out
does that make sense so like two bit
major kind of camps of meditation
techniques they're a contemplative
techniques and there are like doing
techniques so if someone says focus on
your breath or to change your breath
through three then four seven breathe
out four seven watch the moon you know
smell something eat something mindfully
all those are doing techniques I'm not
gonna ask you to do that so I want you
to close your eyes and tell me what you
feel physically
we're gonna get so you guys should do
this to chat so close your eyes and just
notice what you feel tell me what you
feel feel my heartbeat in my hands I
feel differences maybe the air okay now
when I mentioned meditation you changed
your posture do you remember that
yeah can you go back to your old posture
this one yeah
very good yeah sure now close your eyes
yeah tell me what you feel in difference
in posture
uncomfortable in what way I feel like I
want to be moving okay like right now
I'm consciously making my limbs still
okay so okay good so let yourself move
don't hold your limb still now I don't
want all right now I don't want to what
it's really weird it's like it's like an
itch that let it happen now I'm like
locked I let go of the control let your
body move yeah I know I know I I just I
I don't think I'm in control right now I
think it's like happening on it
do you have the sensation of wanting to
move your limbs not a physical sensation
okay if that's what you mean it just it
feels like I want to move okay I don't
want to move I don't know how to
describe this okay is it like n uh-huh I
don't want to move okay
mentally I'm squirming okay so let
yourself so sit up the sit back straight
let's see what happens to your mental
squirming alright what happens close
your eyes mental squirming what's
happening okay okay
so just sit with the way that you feel
right now so any desire to physically
move no any desire to mentally squirm
okay one of the things that you might
always wear okay I do a lot of things
that try to make myself comfortable to
manage stress okay and whenever I'm
uncomfortable via physically or mentally
all I have to do is find a spot where I
feel comfortable and then it all just
releases very briefly and but it only
lasts us for a while okay so so now you
feel comfortable yeah so
so I want you to just this is gonna
sound kind of weird so I think what you
described as comfortable is actually not
good or bad it is does that make sense
yeah right so there's there's just a
certain like you're in like comfortable
for you is not necessarily good it's not
relaxing yeah exactly this so it is
isness
there is isness it's not good it's not
bad it's the gray Jedi it's not it's not
the Jedi it's not the Sith it's the
middle that's what is 'no siz it is not
but you don't you don't attach a value
judgment of good or bad it just is right
yeah you with me does that make sense go
back to leaning on your chair like other
position eyes closed what do you feel
good good to let them move mentally they
want to move physically they don't okay
so I'm not gonna force them to move try
forcing them move do it what what
happens when you force them to move the
left one well I have muscle I have like
you know well of course you know delayed
like onset muscle soreness in my left
one so that one just feels really heavy
but okay
now I'm just in the rhythm so it doesn't
feel like anything anymore okay so let
it happen now how do you feel
mental squirm eNOS no physical squirm
eNOS no okay now let your leg relax does
it feel like you have to control it to
do so or can you let it relax yeah it's
empty nothing okay okay now go back to
sitting up straight right so now try to
find your isness can you find it if you
don't know what I'm talking about just
let me know tried to find try to find
your neutrality so try to just are you
comfortable
no okay good right so now what's
uncomfortable okay good so what does
your left leg wanna do okay good so let
it stretch yeah okay and what happens to
your internal sense of so just let it
let it do what it wants to and sit with
whatever it wants to do oh and then as
are you done stretching no okay
so then just hold the stretch like
you're like stretching it out aren't
like your surest to get on something
okay good so I want you to focus fully
on the sensation of stretch
yeah the stretching feels very good
right so just sit with that and when it
is done are you trying to control it no
really good no you're not trying to
control you're letting it be yep you're
noticing it and you're letting it do
what it wants to right is there any
blame are you doing a good job
I guess I'm nothing are you doing a bad
job no yeah
do you even know what a bad job would
look like
um probably increased pain or something
okay I don't know yeah so just sit with
what you sense okay all right so now go
ahead and and sit we're gonna sit that
way for about 60 more seconds and I want
you to just sit with the sensations in
your body if your body calls to you to
do something I want you to let yourself
do it
okay now let yourself come back yeah
open your eyes what was that like for
you very end I started hearing the home
of
uh-huh
and that noise actually suits me so I
just because I just wasn't trying to
think about anything I guess I only
heard that and then that noise suits me
yeah what were you doing before you
heard the hum I was focusing on things
that didn't pertain to my work or career
or like what I mean the body sensations
okay right yeah so you remember earlier
we might yes go ahead sorry it felt like
I I tricked my body to forget yeah but
you didn't trick your body so we'll get
to that in a second okay
I think I understand I understand that
you think it's a trick it's not a trick
what you're doing day to day is the
trick that's the problem
the-the-the anyway we'll get to that
insight okay so first of all you
remember that moment where where you
felt like you were controlling your leg
and you were forcing yourself to stay
still and then I said go ahead and let
go and and move your leg and then what
happened to the sensation of wanting to
move your leg there was two different
parts one mentally wanted to move and
one yeah right so Alice I think
is what you need to do now what this is
I'm not exactly sure like I don't know
how to package this for you but like I'm
really curious this chat have any idea
like what that was like do you guys get
how this applies to what Ellis is
problem is I'm getting yeses and noes
okay so it's my fault for trying I got
to think about how to explain this so LS
what I want you to learn how to do is
essentially sit with what is okay
because I think you're gonna discover
something very strange which is that as
you try to control it requires effort
and you also create for yourself
suffering and that when you do you talk
about yourself in terms of like being a
failure or like you messed this or did
that these are all judgments you're
you're taking your experience and you're
attaching a label of like good or bad or
insufficient or like you know you're
attaching something to it it's not just
what it is it's like you something
you're adding on like your mind adds on
that LS could be doing better
like there's what you do but there's
what you do which is what you do like
that's just that's just what is right
like we're talking now you can't do any
more or less than talk afterwards you
can go back in your mind can tell you oh
like you should have done a better job
your mind attaches judgments to all
kinds of things and I think that
judgments and control like your mind
also tries to control things because if
you think about like rating yourself as
insufficient if you say oh I did a bad
job it's gonna try to control the
interaction next time does that make
sense judgment and control are
intertwined as long as you're judging
you're gonna try to control and as long
as you're controlling you're trying to
make it you're gonna make a judgement
because if you want something to change
you have to judge it for where it is you
have to say okay this is where it is
this is not where I want it to be I'm
gonna move this person from not loving
me to loving me and in order for you to
want to control them and make them fall
in love with you you have to make a
judgment about the fact that they don't
love you and that's not a
and you love that so judgment did
controller intertwined what you need to
do is sit you need your mind it needs to
practice being with what is and not with
what should be and not with what could
be or not what with what could have been
or should have been or what you would
would have liked and done should order
cut us none of them sit with what is and
if you want to move let yourself move
and you're gonna discover a couple of
weird things as you as you start the
process of surrender you're gonna
discover like weird things like oh
actually physically I don't want to move
but mentally I do like what does that
even mean how does that work how much of
your life is being driven by mental
squirming what even is that if you can
overcome that how would your life change
I'm not sure but this is what you must
explore so literally my meditation
practice for you is like the best way I
can come about like I don't even just
making this up okay I want you to sit in
five different postures every day with
your eyes closed and notice what your
body feels
pick five postures and as the sensations
arise in those postures it can be
leaning one way leaning the other way
one leg crossed over the other cross leg
sitting up straight laying down whatever
you pick five postures notice what's
happening with your body and just notice
what is and then if you have a desire to
do something if your body is saying okay
I want to shift this way notice it make
the shift and then reflect on what's
changed
got it yeah okay thoughts or questions
before we wrap up for the day how was
this was this helpful
the it's okay okay the last segment that
we just talked about with like the
isness is something that I consciously
realized actually a couple of days ago
one of my housemates his name's max
something happened with one of the
monitor cables for it broke and I
started freaking out because I thought
that it would affect my upcoming stream
and I was starting to get really
stressed and anxious and then he just
reminded me like LS nothing happened
$3 the cable is you know in the store
below the apartment you know what I mean
like I was I I don't know my mind was
just going a million places but I was
brought back just to the cable broke
it's fine go down to the you know the
store and get a new one and so nothing
happened like beautiful I was lost
yeah I didn't I told him later after I
calmed down that that really helped and
that was one of the first times that I
think someone around me in close
proximity in a very long time has even
tried something like that and I was sort
of like shell-shocked at how quickly it
helped me come down from my stress I'm
really happy that that max was able to
do that for you and I'm lucky I feel
happy that you have someone like that
yeah and I also want you to notice the
words that used if your mind is going a
million places
it cannot be where is where it is right
right so train yourself through
meditation to teach your mind how to be
with what is and if you train it and it
starts to become familiar with
what is it's like learning how to
dribble a basketball like meditation you
need to train your mind to become
automatic it going to what is and that
has to be done intentionally first and
then if you find your mind going into
what will be or going a million great
places try to tell it to come back to
what is but that has to be trained
hopefully through this technique yeah
okay yeah all right man
strong work today thanks a lot take care
of man I wish you all the best
yeah you too have a good day